DataGrid: add Customize Edit Form/Save, Cancel, and Custom Buttons guide (#5385)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/20 Editing/43 Customize Edit Form/30 Save, Cancel, and Custom Buttons.md

> Form and popup editing modes include built-in Save and Cancel buttons. If you want to execute custom code on click one of these buttons, specify the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) or [onEditCanceling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceling) event handler correspondingly. Assign `true` to the **e.cancel** parameter to cancel the Save or Cancel operations and keep the form or popup opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Form and popup edit modes include built-in Save and Cancel buttons. If you want to execute custom code on a click on either button, specify the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) or [onEditCanceling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceling) event handler, respectively. Assign `true` to the **e.cancel** parameter to cancel a pending Save or Cancel operation and keep the form or popup window open.
```

P.S. If you write "popup" without a hyphen throughout your documentation repository every time you use this word as an adjective -- then everything is fine. Otherwise, you may want to replace "popup" with "pop-up". Just checking.

> Form and popup edit modes include built-in Save and Cancel buttons. If you want to execute custom code on a click on either button, specify the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) or [onEditCanceling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceling) event handler, respectively. Assign `true` to the **e.cancel** parameter to cancel a pending Save or Cancel operation and keep the form or popup window open.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Form and popup edit modes include built-in Save and Cancel buttons. If you want to execute custom code on a click on either button, specify the [onSaving](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onSaving) or [onEditCanceling](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onEditCanceling) event handler, respectively. Assign `true` to the **e.cancel** parameter to cancel a pending Save or Cancel operation and keep the form or pop-up window open.
```

> Specify the **editing.texts**.[cancelRowChanges](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/texts/#cancelRowChanges) and **editing.texts**.[saveRowChanges](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/texts/#saveRowChanges) properties to change texts of the Save and Cancel buttons.

Reviewer: > Specify **the** `editing.texts.cancelRowChanges` and `editing.texts.saveRowChanges`

This is a case from the new guide on articles. When you enumerate named entities with AND, you need no article.

> to change texts of ...

I will always advise using the word "text" with caution. It's always fine when used as an adjective. When it's used as a noun -- it becomes too vague. When it's used in plural form, "texts" sounds like "articles", "treatises", "books"... I would have used a more precise alternative here. Like "captions", for instance.

> of **the** Save and Cancel buttons

The same incorrect article case.

```suggestion
Specify **editing.texts**.[cancelRowChanges](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/texts/#cancelRowChanges) and **editing.texts**.[saveRowChanges](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/texts/#saveRowChanges) properties to change Save and Cancel button captions.
```

> To customize the Save and Cancel buttons, re-define them:

Reviewer: > To customize **the** Save and Cancel buttons

The same incorrect article case again.

> To customize the Save and Cancel buttons, **re-define them**:

An incomplete phrase.

```suggestion
To customize Save and Cancel buttons, you need to redefine them:
```

- Popup edit mode     

> Add the **editing**.[popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#popup) object to the DataGrid configuration and declare the Save, Cancel and custom buttons in the **popup**.[toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) array.

Reviewer: >  and declare **the** Save, Cancel and custom buttons

Again. Plus, no Oxford comma.

```suggestion
Add the **editing**.[popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#popup) object to the DataGrid configuration and declare Save, Cancel, and custom buttons in the **popup**.[toolbarItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/toolbarItems/) array.
```

P.S. "Configuration" looks like an adjective rather than noun. Did you mean "configuration file" in this case? Second. You use a definite article when you say "add the X object to ..." Since you mean an object (instance), you may want to use an indefinite article case here. If this object is something like "one of the kind" -- then you are probably right. Still, you may want to double-check this fact.

- Form edit mode     

> Add the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#form) object to the DataGrid configuration and use the **form.items** array to arrange all items you want to display in the edit form. Then, add a [simple item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/) with a template containing a standalone [Toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Toolbar/Getting_Started_with_Toolbar/) component. Declare the buttons in this toolbar. Use the following CSS to hide the built-in Save and Cancel buttons:

Reviewer: >  Declare **the** buttons in this toolbar.

You say "the buttons". I ask -- what buttons? If I cannot find an answer, I change the definite case to indefinite.

> to hide **the** built-in Save and Cancel buttons:

I understand that you considered that "built-in" adds definiteness, akin to the word "default". Yes, we probably may interpret the scenario this way. However, in this is not important here. To do what? To hide some built-in Save and Cancel buttons, for there can be many of them. We don't know, and it's not important in the current context. I wouldn't called this an error, but our current style gravitates towards zero article in such cases.

```suggestion
Add the **editing**.[form](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#form) object to the DataGrid configuration and use the **form.items** array to arrange all items you want to display in the edit form. Then, add a [simple item](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/) with a template containing a standalone [Toolbar](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Toolbar/Getting_Started_with_Toolbar/) component. Declare buttons in this toolbar. Use the following CSS to hide built-in Save and Cancel buttons:
```

P.S. The things I mentioned in the previous edit, also apply to this paragraph as well.

        #gridForm .dx-datagrid-form-buttons-container {  
            display: none  
        }

> Finally, handle the button onClick event to call the [saveEditData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#saveEditData) and [cancelEditData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#cancelEditData) methods correspondingly. 

Reviewer: Please do not say "correspondingly". Say "respectively". Thanks in advance.

Note that "respectively" is a separate clause in a sentence, therefore, it requires a comma.

> **the** `saveEditData` and `cancelEditData` methods

The same incorrect article case.

```suggestion
Finally, handle the button onClick event to call [saveEditData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#saveEditData) and [cancelEditData](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#cancelEditData) methods, respectively. 
```
